[Course summary]. And that brings us to the end of this course.
So - what have we actually covered in this course?
Well, first we covered what RPA is and how it works, why it's interesting right now, what benefits
and disadvantages the technology has, what vendors there are and we had a look at a real world example
of how RPA has been applied to generate value for a Norwegian real estate company.
Then we had a look at the UiPath platform consisting of UiPath Studio, UiPath Robot, UiPath Orchestrator
and we got to know the UiPath Studio even better, where we built a simple software robot together.
...
Finally, we envisioned a basic plan for how to implement RPA in an enterprise setting, as well as
having a look at what roles and responsibilities are needed for an RPA Center of Excellence,
and what the important success factors are for succeeding with an RPA initiative.
And finally - in this section - we discussed what the next steps are
if you want to further improve your skills and pursue a career either as an RPA project manager or an
RPA developer - or maybe both? I would like to congratulate you for making the first and most important
step towards the future of work.
So CONGRATULATIONS!
I really wish you all the best in your life and your career, and I really hope you have enjoyed this course.
...
I'm looking forward to receiving your feedback.
It means a lot to me to receive your thoughts and it will also help other students find the course and
it will help me improve the content
for new students.
So have a wonderful day and see you around!